README.md, before:

# EquityPulse: The AI Investment Committee 🧠 📈

**"The Hedge Fund in Your Pocket"**

> **Winner of the [Hackathon Name] Hackathon (Target)**
>
> *Global Investing Crisis:*
> * **India**: 91% of retail traders lose money (SEBI).
> * **USA**: 72% failure rate for day traders (FINRA).
> * **Europe**: 76-89% of retail CFD accounts lose money (ESMA/FCA).
> * *EquityPulse exists to fix this information asymmetry.*

![EquityPulse Dashboard](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/placeholder-image.png)

## 💡 The Problem: Information Asymmetry
Wall Street has teams of 50+ analysts working 100-hour weeks. They read every footnote, track every supply chain, and model every risk.
**You have a day job and a Reddit tip.**

Most "AI for Finance" tools are just simple RAG wrappers. They search for 3-4 snippets of text and summarize them. They lack **depth, context, and reasoning**.

## 🚀 The Solution: Autonomous Multi-Agent Reasoning
EquityPulse is not a chatbot. It is an **Autonomous Investment Committee**. It orchestrates a team of 5 specialized AI agents, each mimicking a specific role in a hedge fund, to debate and analyze a stock from every angle.

### The "Zero-Loss" Advantage (Powered by Gemini 1.5 Pro)
We **DO NOT** use traditional RAG (Retrieval Augmented Generation) which chops documents into tiny, meaningless chunks.
Instead, we leverage **Gemini's 2 Million Token Context Window** to feed the **ENTIRE Annual Report (10-K)**, recent news, and financial statements directly into the model's brain.
*Result: Zero context loss. Deep, cross-referenced reasoning.*

## 🕵️ The Agents (The "Swarm")

1.  **Fundamental Analyst (The "Buffett")** 🏰
    *   *Focus*: Moats, Intrinsic Value, ROIC, Free Cash Flow Yield.
    *   *Goal*: Find "Wonderful Companies at Fair Prices".
2.  **Quant Analyst (The "Jim Simons")** 🔢
    *   *Focus*: Insider Cluster Buying, Institutional Ownership, Beneish M-Score (Fraud Detection), Altman Z-Score (Bankruptcy Risk).
    *   *Goal*: Trust the math, not the narrative.
3.  **Risk Manager (The "Bear")** 🐻
    *   *Focus*: Downside protection, Geopolitical exposure, Supply chain fragility, Litigation risk.
    *   *Goal*: "Kill the trade".
4.  **Sector Strategist (The "Macro")** 🌍
    *   *Focus*: Interest rate sensitivity, Sector rotation, Business cycle stage.
    *   *Goal*: Don't fight the tide.
5.  **Technical Analyst (The "Trader")** 📊
    *   *Focus*: RSI Divergences, Volume Profile, Stage Analysis.
    *   *Goal*: Time the entry.

## ⚔️ The "Conflict" Engine
Most AIs agree with themselves. **Ours argue.**
The *Portfolio Manager* node takes the conflicting reports (e.g., "Quant says SELL, Fundamental says BUY") and synthesizes a nuanced final verdict, just like a real investment committee meeting.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
-   **AI Core**: Google Gemini 1.5 Pro / Flash Thinking (Long Context Reasoning).
-   **Orchestration**: LangGraph (Stateful Multi-Agent Workflow).
-   **Backend**: Python, FastAPI, Async SQLModel.
-   **Frontend**: React 19, Tailwind CSS (Premium "Dark Data" UI).
-   **Data**: yFinance, DuckDuckGo Search (Real-time).

## ⚡ Getting Started

### Prerequisites
*   Python 3.11+
*   Node.js 18+
*   Google Gemini API Key

### Backend Setup
```bash
cd backend
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install uv && uv sync
cp .env.example .env  # Add your GOOGLE_API_KEY
uvicorn app.main:app --reload
```

### Frontend Setup
```bash
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

## 📜 License
MIT License.

Commit message:

feat: Introduce `PARAMETERS.md` detailing 50+ financial analysis parameters, update `README.md` for Gemini 3.0 Pro and new features, and remove `EquityPulse_PRD.pdf`.

README.md, after:

# EquityPulse: The AI Investment Committee 🧠 📈

**"The Hedge Fund in Your Pocket"**

> **Winner of the [Hackathon Name] Hackathon (Target)**
>
> *Global Investing Crisis:*
> * **India**: 91% of retail traders lose money (SEBI).
> * **USA**: 72% failure rate for day traders (FINRA).
> * **Europe**: 76-89% of retail CFD accounts lose money (ESMA/FCA).
> * *EquityPulse exists to fix this information asymmetry.*

![EquityPulse Dashboard](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/placeholder-image.png)

## 💡 The Problem: Information Asymmetry
Wall Street has teams of 50+ analysts working 100-hour weeks. They read every footnote, track every supply chain, and model every risk.
**You have a day job and a Reddit tip.**

Most "AI for Finance" tools are just simple RAG wrappers. They search for 3-4 snippets of text and summarize them. They lack **depth, context, and reasoning**.

## 🚀 The Solution: Autonomous Multi-Agent Reasoning
EquityPulse is not a chatbot. It is an **Autonomous Investment Committee**. It orchestrates a team of 5 specialized AI agents, each mimicking a specific role in a hedge fund, to debate and analyze a stock from every angle.

### "Full-Spectrum Reasoning" (Powered by Gemini 3.0 Pro)
We **DO NOT** use traditional RAG. We feed the **ENTIRE Annual Report (10-K)**, Balance Sheets, P&L Statements, and Global Macro Data directly into Gemini 3.0 Pro.

### 🌟 Key Features
*   **Universal Multimodal Analysis**: Upload screenshots of news, partnership announcements, or charts. The agent analysis matches the pixel data with the financials.
*   **Text-to-Speech & Voice Control**: Use the integrated Voice features to have natural, spoken conversations with your AI Investment Committee.
*   **Deep Financial & Forensic Analysis**: Analyzes **50+ Financial Parameters** and **Hundreds of Qualitative Signals** (Geopolitics, Management Integrity, Macro Trends). See [PARAMETERS.md](PARAMETERS.md).
*   **Smart Annotations**: Highlight any text in the report to instantly ask the agent about that specific paragraph.

## 🕵️ The Agents (The "Swarm")

1.  **Fundamental Analyst (The "Buffett")** 🏰
    *   *Focus*: Moats, Intrinsic Value, ROIC, Free Cash Flow Yield.
    *   *Goal*: Find "Wonderful Companies at Fair Prices".
2.  **Quant Analyst (The "Jim Simons")** 🔢
    *   *Focus*: Insider Cluster Buying, Institutional Ownership, Beneish M-Score (Fraud Detection), Altman Z-Score (Bankruptcy Risk).
    *   *Goal*: Trust the math, not the narrative.
3.  **Risk Manager (The "Bear")** 🐻
    *   *Focus*: Downside protection, Geopolitical exposure, Supply chain fragility, Litigation risk.
    *   *Goal*: "Kill the trade".
4.  **Sector Strategist (The "Macro")** 🌍
    *   *Focus*: Interest rate sensitivity, Sector rotation, Business cycle stage.
    *   *Goal*: Don't fight the tide.
5.  **Technical Analyst (The "Trader")** 📊
    *   *Focus*: RSI Divergences, Volume Profile, Stage Analysis.
    *   *Goal*: Time the entry.

## ⚔️ The "Conflict" Engine
Most AIs agree with themselves. **Ours argue.**
The *Portfolio Manager* node takes the conflicting reports (e.g., "Quant says SELL, Fundamental says BUY") and synthesizes a nuanced final verdict, just like a real investment committee meeting.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
-   **AI Core**: Google Gemini 3.0 Pro (Long Context Reasoning).
-   **Orchestration**: LangGraph (Stateful Multi-Agent Workflow).
-   **Backend**: Python, FastAPI, Async SQLModel.
-   **Frontend**: React 19, Tailwind CSS (Premium "Dark Data" UI).
-   **Data**: yFinance, DuckDuckGo Search (Real-time).

## ⚡ Getting Started

### Prerequisites
*   Python 3.11+
*   Node.js 18+
*   Google Gemini API Key

### Backend Setup
```bash
cd backend
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install uv && uv sync
cp .env.example .env  # Add your GOOGLE_API_KEY
uvicorn app.main:app --reload
```

### Frontend Setup
```bash
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

## 📜 License
MIT License.
